capital = 360

oob = "GAU_2000"

add_ideas = {
    idea_gau_the_war_effort
    idea_america_neutrality
	commonwealth_sonya_sotomayor
	gau_fom_sidney_blumenthal
	gau_ind_dennis_kucinich
	gau_nsm_elaine_bernard
	commonwealth_richard_ojeda
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 98
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.5


set_technology = {
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1 
	tech_support = 1 
	tech_field_hospital = 1 
	tech_engineers = 1 
	gw_artillery = 1 
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1 
	early_bomber = 1 
	paratroopers = 1 
	marines = 1
	basic_heavy_tank = 1 
	atomic_research = 1 
	nuclear_reactor = 1 
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		armor_tech_1 = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		
		
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	}
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = moderate_socialist
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
        fascist = 0
		nationalist = 2
		monarchist = 0
		national_bolshevik = 1
		national_conservative = 3
		centrist = 3
		liberal = 1
		new_democrat = 0
		moderate_socialist = 68
		revolutionary_socialist = 21
		communist = 1
}

recruit_character = GAU_will_williams
recruit_character = GAU_bernie_sanders
recruit_character = GAU_noam_chomsky
recruit_character = GAU_sam_webb
recruit_character = GAU_jeff_schoep
recruit_character = GAU_tom_hoefling
recruit_character = GAU_american_royal_council
recruit_character = GAU_newt_gingrich
recruit_character = GAU_john_kasich
recruit_character = GAU_debbie_wasserman_schultz
recruit_character = GAU_keith_ellison
recruit_character = GAU_peter_schoomaker
recruit_character = GAU_bryan_d._brown
recruit_character = GAU_larry_r._ellis
recruit_character = GAU_jim_mattis
recruit_character = GAU_eric_b._schoomaker
recruit_character = GAU_gustave_f._perna
recruit_character = GAU_james_hart
recruit_character = GAU_vincent_r._stewart
recruit_character = GAU_john_m._murray
recruit_character = GAU_david_zinn
recruit_character = GAU_keith_alexander
recruit_character = GAU_robert_brooks_brown
recruit_character = GAU_raymond_a._thomas_iii
recruit_character = GAU_michael_j._williams
recruit_character = GAU_richard_ojeda
recruit_character = GAU_paul_lacamera
recruit_character = GAU_stephen_r._lyons
recruit_character = GAU_kevin_p._byrnes
recruit_character = GAU_timothy_maude
recruit_character = GAU_dennis_l._via
recruit_character = GAU_robert_magnus
recruit_character = GAU_ann_dunwoody
recruit_character = GAU_edwin_t._brooks
recruit_character = GAU_flora_d._darpino
recruit_character = GAU_james_j._tuite_iv
recruit_character = GAU_john_w._nicholson_jr.
recruit_character = GAU_henry_g._ulrich_iii
recruit_character = GAU_james_g._stavridis
recruit_character = GAU_karl_schultz
recruit_character = GAU_walter_doran
recruit_character = GAU_william_j._fallon
recruit_character = GAU_john_c._aquilino
recruit_character = GAU_john_c._harvey_jr.
recruit_character = GAU_craig_s._faller
recruit_character = GAU_philip_s._davidson
recruit_character = GAU_national_peoples_council
recruit_character = GAU_albert_gore
recruit_character = GAU_lindsey_graham
recruit_character = GAU_gary_johnson
recruit_character = GAU_ross_anderson
recruit_character = GAU_michelle_robinson
recruit_character = GAU_xavier_becerra
recruit_character = GAU_elaine_chao
recruit_character = GAU_tulsi_gabbard
recruit_character = GAU_sidney_blumenthal
recruit_character = GAU_jeff_mackler
recruit_character = GAU_leo_gerard
recruit_character = GAU_lori_robinson
recruit_character = GAU_fred_phelps
recruit_character = GAU_laura_welch

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cold War Light Tank"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cold War Heavy Tank" 
		type = heavy_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_medium_howitzer
			turret_type_slot = tank_heavy_fixed_superstructure_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = secondary_turret_small_cannon
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 6
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 4
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cold War Medium Tank" 
		type = medium_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
			turret_type_slot = tank_medium_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 4
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 5
		}
	}
}
#ships
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nimitz Class"  # carriers also covers the enterprise Class
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_4
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
		}
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ticonderoga Class" 	# Heavy Cruisers 
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_4
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2	
		}
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Virginia Class"			# Virginia and California Classes
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
	parent_version = 0
		modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_3
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_4
		}
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Spurance Class"	#destroyers also covers the kidd Class 
	type = ship_hull_light_2
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_4			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_4	
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Los Angeles Class" # submarines
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	create_equipment_variant = { 
		name = "Nimitz Class" #carriers
		type = carrier_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_deckspace_upgrade = 3
			carrier_armor_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ticonderoga Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 0
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_armor_upgrade = 2
			ship_gun_upgrade = 4
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Virginia Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 2
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Spurance Class" #destroyers
		type = destroyer_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 4
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Los Angeles Class" #submarines
		type = submarine_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
}
